c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\BankWebApi.dll.config
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\BankWebApi.dll
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\BankWebApi.pdb
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\ModelLayer.dll
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\ServiceLayer.dll
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\RepositoryLayer.dll
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\ModelLayer.pdb
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\ServiceLayer.pdb
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\RepositoryLayer.pdb
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\obj\Debug\BankWebApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\obj\Debug\BankWebApi.dll
c:\users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\obj\Debug\BankWebApi.pdb
C:\Users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.XmlTransform.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\NuGet.Core.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\BankWebApi.dll.config
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\BankWebApi.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\BankWebApi.pdb
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\Microsoft.Web.XmlTransform.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\ModelLayer.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\NuGet.Core.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\ServiceLayer.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\RepositoryLayer.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\ModelLayer.pdb
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\ServiceLayer.pdb
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\bin\RepositoryLayer.pdb
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\obj\Debug\BankWebApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\obj\Debug\BankWebApi.dll
C:\Users\saivenkatas\Desktop\doc\BankWebApi\BankWebApi\obj\Debug\BankWebApi.pdb
